Do you have this kind of trouble?
You
went out with your good friend for a few days, and when you came back, you
found that she was as fair as she could be,
but you were much darker.
So you looked up tips online and
bought a lot of whitening essences,
but you used them all up, but your face
still didn’t get whiter
. Or, there is a situation like this:
you have been very busy at work recently,
working overtime and staying up late a lot,
and your face is
very dull and yellow,
so you looked up tips online and
bought a popular product,
but after
using it, not only did your face not get whiter
, but your skin also got chapped and
allergic. There is another situation
, that is, you went out in the sun today
, and your skin turned red like a red shrimp.
You thought it would be fine after a few days,
but after a few days,
your face was red and black, and it
looked very dirty.
What should we do at this time?
There is also a situation
like
My skin is not very dark, but
I can never find the right foundation for me.
I buy the natural color, but
this foundation is darker than me.
I buy the cold porcelain white, but
this foundation is much whiter than me.
So is my skin color white or dark?
What kind of products should I use?
The reason why we can't find the answers to
the questions I just mentioned
and why they are not solved
is because we have never thought about
how we got darker.
Only by analyzing how we got darker
can we find a way to whiten it back.
What I want to tell you today is to help you analyze
what type of darkening physique you have. I'd like
to say in advance that this issue will be a little long
and dry.
I will divide it into several aspects, such as basic principles,
whitening
types , and how to choose products.
Today
's topic is the 16-type whitening method. If you
want to know how to whiten your skin,
you must first know how you get darker and
what the whole process of your darkening is.
This basic knowledge is actually very important
because few people pay attention to it.
The key to your whitening
is actually buried in the whole process of darkening.
First of all,
all types of darkening
start with a stimulus.
This stimulus
can include external and internal
factors.
For example, being exposed to sunlight,
staying up late, eating chili peppers,
air pollution
, etc. What about the internal factors
? For example, you
have been under too much stress recently,
have endocrine disorders, have
an irregular diet
, or have caught
a cold or are sick.
These are all internal reasons
. Whether it is an external
or internal reason,
it is very important for the body. A
stimulus will
cause different damage and effects to
our skin cells
. These stimuli
will produce different substances and signals
. There are related receptors on our skin
to receive these stimuli
. In fact, there is a physical difference.
Some people are particularly sensitive
to stimuli,
while others
are a little slower and more
tolerant.
When our skin cells
receive this stimulus,
two phenomena will occur in our body at the same time.
One is that the collagen in our skin will
be denatured and decomposed directly due to these stimuli.
The phenomenon visible to our naked eyes
is that although the skin cannot be said to be black
, it is not so transparent
and looks very dull and yellow.
The other phenomenon
is that our skin After being stimulated, cells
will send signals to melanocytes
to generate melanin
because the body believes that melanin can protect our
skin cells from the damage of these stimuli
.
There is actually a particularly interesting phenomenon here
. After our epidermal cells are stimulated,
they will produce melanin
, right?
Normally, you send a signal once and that's it,
but it
won't stop
until it sees enough melanin
. This is like
going to a restaurant to order food,
and as long as the waiter doesn't bring the dish to the table,
you keep ordering, ordering, and ordering.
What is the result?
When the dish comes,
you find that you ordered too much.
This is just like our skin
. By the time you realize that you have become darker,
you already have too much melanin.
To summarize briefly,
these two steps occur simultaneously
but also promote each other.
After collagen decomposes and denatures,
it actually pollutes the cell environment. After
the epidermal cells sense this pollution,
they will promote the secretion of more signals
to promote the production of melanin.
The final result is that
we produce more melanin.
Okay, let's continue.
The following is the process of melanin production.
The raw material for the start of melanin production is
called tyrosine.
Then we introduce a hydroxyl group to tyrosine
to form dopa,
and then oxidize the two hydroxyl groups of dopa to form dopaquinone.
Later, dopaquinone
will produce two types of melanin at the same time.
One is called eumelanin
and the other is called pheomelanin.
Eumelanin is the main pigment for dark skin
. For example, black people
have a skin color dominated by eumelanin
, while pheomelanin is dominant in lighter skin.
Caucasians
have a skin color dominated by pheomelanin.
Asians
are a compromise, with both eumelanin
and pheomelanin
distributed in different proportions.
The process I just described sounds complicated
, but it's just like making a gift cup.
First,
we put a label on it, then
tie a ribbon on it
, and then package it into flower boxes of different colors
and sell it to different people.
I have to explain
why I explain the process of melanin production
in such detail.
This is because it will help you understand
the role of
our whitening ingredients .
For example, What did VC do?
VC took off the ribbon on the cup and threw
it away. After it was taken off and thrown away, there was no ribbon left
. Did it have to continue tying it?
So it continued to tie a ribbon
and then threw it away.
Then it tied it again, threw it again, tied it
again, threw it again, and threw it again.
So it kept at this step and could not
move to the next
step. Melanin could not be produced,
the production efficiency became low,
the melanin became less, and
you became whiter.
Okay, now the melanin production is completed
, but as a factory,
the melanocyte has no warehouse
, it does not store these melanins.
Once the production is completed,
it will spit it out through exocytosis.
This step is the release of melanin.
It will spit in the direction of whoever
sends it a signal
, that is, towards the epidermal cells.
But spitting it out into the environment of the cell
is useless.
The epidermal cells must also have a receiver
to pick it up and
bring it to their own part.
This step is called the reception of epidermal cells.
The two steps of spitting out and receiving
are also very critical.
This step
is equivalent to the packaged cup being delivered to the person
who placed the order.
After our epidermal cells
continue to receive melanin,
they enter the next
step, which is the deposition and aggregation of melanin.
At this stage,
there are actually two forms of expression.
One is called uniform aggregation,
which is manifested
as our uniform skin color becoming darker.
The other
is called uneven aggregation
, which means we get spots or acne scars.
Which specific type of aggregation you will have
is actually determined by your genes
, not the ingredients
or the stimulus. After
these melanins
accumulate in our epidermal cells,
the process is not over yet,
because our epidermal cells
also have their own natural life cycle.
They will gradually age and die
to become stratum corneum
and eventually fall off and leave our body
. In this process,
they also carry melanin all the time.
So eventually
our melanin will enter the dead stratum corneum
and eventually leave our body.
When the stratum corneum takes our melanin
away
, The entire melanin production and metabolism process
is considered to be complete.
Okay, the entire process of darkening is introduced here. It is
very long and complicated.
It doesn’t matter if you can’t remember
it . Just have a general impression.
Because we are
going to use this 9-step darkening process as the theoretical basis
to introduce today’s highlight
, which is the four types of darkening.
This darkening type
is not
based on a single chemical theory.
It is based on my more than ten years of clinical experience. At the same time
, I checked the theory and
finally summarized the four types of darkening constitutions.
These four types are not
ranked in order or priority,
namely, tanning type
, dull type, red and black type
, and yellow type
. Let’s talk about sunburn first. A typical example of this type of physique
is what we mentioned at the beginning:
you go out with a friend,
she comes back quite white, but
you are two shades darker.
This type of physique manifests itself
in that you tan much faster than others.
The characteristic of this type of physique
is that
the sixth and seventh steps of the nine-step tanning process we just introduced,
namely, the release and reception of melanin,
are faster than others.
Why doesn't it mean that you produce melanin faster than others? Let
me give you a timeline.
When you receive the stimulus
and start sending the signal,
it takes about 1 to 24 hours
, and the entire process of melanin production
takes about 24 to 72 hours.
That is to say,
after you receive the stimulation of being sunburned, it
will take at least two or three days
for you to notice
that you have become darker. For example, if you go sunbathing in the morning and
come back in the evening and see that you are darker,
it is definitely not the melanin that has been produced , but
the melanin that has been produced in the skin
but has not yet been transported
and received. The melanin
is quickly mobilized,
released, and absorbed,
so it will tan so quickly.
So what should people with this kind
of constitution do? They should focus on steps 6 and 7
, that is, the release and reception of melanin,
to block and reduce the excitement and speed of these two steps.
There are two ingredients that are particularly suitable for this kind of constitution
, namely niacinamide and EGCG.
What does niacinamide do?
It blocks exocytosis,
that is, it covers the mouth of the melanocyte.
If the melanin cannot be expelled
, it cannot be received, and
you cannot get darker.
What does EGCG do? EGCG
cuts off the little hand that
the epidermal cell uses to receive melanin
. If it cannot reach your own cells,
you cannot get darker.
Simply put,
the tanning type
requires targeted reduction of the melanin
transport process,
that is, the release and reception process.
Type 2 dull type, this type
is a typical example of the second example we mentioned at the beginning
. You have been working a lot recently
and often stay up late
. As a result of disrupted work and rest schedules
, the skin looks dull
, ashen
, yellow and dark.
This type of
disorder is actually classified as a free radical metabolic disorder
in biology.
It means that when your work and rest schedules are disrupted,
the free radicals produced in your body
will increase dramatically. What are free radicals?
I have introduced in previous videos that
free radicals are the poop produced by cells. When
a large number of free radicals are produced
in our body environment ,
the skin cells will also receive this stimulation
. People with this constitution
have a very strong ability to accept stimulation
and are very sensitive to stimulation feedback
. The consequence
is that not only will collagen denature and decompose
, but it
will also greatly promote the production of melanin.
Therefore,
the core of this type of treatment is to focus on step 2
, which is the step where our skin feels stimulation.
What are the categories of these stimuli?
I roughly divide them into 4 basic categories
, namely oxidation, carbonylation
, glycation and blue light.
The ingredients we choose
also focus
on ingredients that resist these four types of stimuli,
such as the VC family, which has excellent
antioxidant and anti-carbonylation performance
. The VC family includes original VC, AA2G, SAP, and MAP.
VC ethyl ether and VCIP.
Almost all ingredients in
the VC family
are very effective
, but there is one ingredient, AA2G.
Because our skin lacks an enzyme
to break it down
, its bioconversion rate and utilization are low, and
the effect is not very good.
In addition to VC,
there are many antioxidant and anti-carbonylation ingredients,
such as ferulic acid, astaxanthin
EUK134, lipochroman, and many
specific products.
We will introduce you to many specific products in detail later.
There is also a type of anti-glycation and anti-blue light
ingredient. The core of this type of ingredient
is carnosine and decapped carnosine.
These two ingredients
not only have data on reversing glycation end products
, but also have full-spectrum resistance to visible light data.
The three-red-black type is
actually often mentioned together with the tanning type.
Just like the third example we gave at the beginning
, say, after going out in the sun, your
face is red like a red shrimp
. After two days, it is red and black, and
your skin color looks very dirty.
This
is because our skin quickly reacts to the stimulation of the sun with
inflammation, and inflammation triggers
the synthesis of melanin, forming
melanin, which
causes our skin color to darken.
The characteristics of this body type are
Step 4 sends out the signal to generate melanin
faster than others
, and step 8 deposits and gathers melanin
with greater accuracy and speed than others.
In fact, this kind of physique
may have a
more common phenomenon than sunburn,
which is acne scars.
Because when we have acne, local inflammation occurs
, and this inflammation causes
skin cells to frantically send
signals to generate melanin.
Moreover, melanin can be accurately
deposited and gathered
in the inflamed area to form acne scars.
This kind of physique has its own
golden ingredient, which is tranexamic acid.
Tranexamic acid
is also called tranexamic acid.
As the name suggests
, it was originally used to stop bleeding.
How was it discovered?
In the 1970s and 1980s,
someone discovered that it was used to treat heavy bleeding.
After the patient was injected with tranexamic acid,
the person became whiter
and the chloasma faded,
and then it caused After a series of discussions and verifications,
it was discovered that tranexamic acid can whiten the skin
. The reason why tranexamic acid is the best choice for the red and black type
is because it specifically targets step 4
, which is sending signals.
Tranexamic acid blocks the epidermal cells from
sending signals to melanocytes.
If the signal cannot be sent,
melanin cannot be produced, and
you cannot get darker, right?
The fourth type
is the yellow type. This type
can be said to be a patent of us East Asians.
Many people
actually don’t have dark skin.
If you compare it with the skin color card
, it may be quite light and
not dark at all.
But it’s inexplicable,
just like the example we talked about at the beginning.
In my own case,
I went to buy liquid foundation
, bought a natural color that was dark,
bought an ivory color, and thought I bought a whiter one.
In this case,
the core
is that our skin tone is not white enough
and is changing. There are three key nodes
in the whole process of blackening,
namely step 3, denaturation of collagen,
step 5, production of melanin
and step 9, metabolism of melanin.
The yellow-type constitution we just mentioned
actually does not have a particularly significant
step that is higher or faster than others.
In this case,
we need to focus on
these three key steps
of the blackening process . The ingredients corresponding to step 3
are somewhat overlapping
with those corresponding to the second type we just introduced
, that is, the dark type. You can refer to
this type
. The difference
is the related ingredients of step 5 and step 9.
Step 5
means we need to inhibit the production of melanin.
When I was explaining the nine steps to blackening,
I gave an example of VC.
What does this VC do? It repeatedly turns
the ribbon on the cup.
It is repeatedly picked off
and then
the process of tying the ribbon
is repeated over and over again
in the production process , thus disrupting the entire production process
and reducing the formation of melanin.
In addition to ingredients like VC,
there are actually many similar
ingredients that inhibit the production,
such as 377.
For example, arbutin,
what does it look like?
It looks like this cup.
It secretly
replaces the cup,
but if you tie a ribbon and label it,
it will not become the gift in the end, right?
It cannot become the melanin
, so the production of melanin
is disrupted and
interrupted.
Step 9
, which is the metabolic decomposition of melanin,
also has some corresponding more suitable ingredients,
such as
the 4 we
introduced
in the issue of Shiseido whitening ingredients . MSK ensures
the normal metabolism of keratinocytes
to ensure the normal metabolism rate of melanin
. For example, we can use an acid
to exfoliate the dead skin, and
the melanin in
the dead skin will be taken away together. When the overall melanin content of
your skin
is reduced,
you will look whiter and
brighter. OK
, we have now introduced the four types of darkening.
In fact, I especially want to say one thing
. The previous research on whitening is based on
the nine-step darkening process
I mentioned at the beginning .
So what conclusion will it draw?
That is, if you want to whiten your skin, you have
to inhibit production,
promote decomposition
, inhibit transport, etc.
But in fact,
each of us has a very different physique
. In fact, the process of melanin production
is like the 1 km run in
our physical education test .
Some people run faster in the sprint at the beginning,
while others run faster in the sprint at the end.
If you think our goal is to hinder it
from running the 1 km, then wouldn’t
it be most efficient to stop it
when it is sprinting ?
This is why we
can maximize the whitening efficiency
by matching ingredients
according to different darkening constitutions.
We have finished talking
about the principles of the 16-type whitening method and the four darkening types.
In the next issue, we will talk about
how to use the 16-square grid of the whitening method for
the four skin types,
as well as a summary of related products.
If you think this information is helpful to you
or you like to listen to popular science and read reviews,
please like and subscribe to join my channel